= DESCRIPTION:

Installs and configures Magento CE.

= REQUIREMENTS:

== Platform:

Tested on Ubuntu 10.10.

== Cookbooks:

Opscode cookbooks, http://github.com/opscode/cookbooks/tree/master:

* mysql
* php
* apache2
* opensssl

== Libraries:

The openssl library is required from the openssl cookbook to generate secure passwords.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* magento[:version] - Set the version to download.
* magento[:checksum] - sha256sum of the tarball, make sure this matches for the version!
* magento[:dir] - Set the location to place magento files. Default is /var/www.
* magento[:db][:database] - Magento will use this MySQL database to store its data.
* magento[:db][:user] - Magento will connect to MySQL using this user.
* magento[:db][:password] - Password for the Magento MySQL user. The default is a randomly generated string.

The random generation is handled with the secure_password method in the openssl cookbook which is a cryptographically secure random generator and not predictable like the random method in the ruby standard library.

= USAGE:

If a different version than the default is desired, download that version and get the SHA256 checksum (sha256sum on Linux systems), and set the version and checksum attributes.

Add the "magento" recipe to your node's run list or role, or include the recipe in another cookbook.

The mysql::server recipe needs to come first, and contain an execute resource to install mysql privileges from the grants.sql template in this cookbook.

= LICENSE and AUTHOR:
This cookbook is based on the Opscode' Wordpress cookbook, https://github.com/opscode/cookbooks/tree/master/wordpress
Author:: Toni Grigoriu (toni@grigoriu.ro)

Copyright:: 2011, Toni Grigoriu


Wordpress cookbook:

Author:: Barry Steinglass (barry@opscode.com>)

Copyright:: 2010, Opscode, Inc

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
